Previously on Below Deck Med...
What’s S?
Kyle, a part of a community is
just supposed to be accepting.
Do you want me to take
a back seat?
Don’t tell me to
take a back seat.
I’m one of your friends.
Our friendship has
never been real.
You’ve been a fake ass bitch.
talking sh-- behind my back
since day one.
She will throw you
under the ----ing bus.
Kyle, I’ve never been
spoken like that in my life.
I can’t believe that
actually you’re saying this.
It’s awful.
-Qua?
-Yeah.
There’s a bad vibe now.
You can feel it.
I feel like no one really cares
about what’s happened to Natalya
the way she’s getting treated.
Oh, no.
My issue is, besides the
personal stuff going on at home,
there’s also been stuff going
on within the interior.
I’m done with Kyle.
100%.
He’ll definitely be getting
blocked on the old Instagram,
and that makes it official.
Losing Natalya,
I need a stew ASAP,
and I can’t be that picky.
Yeah.
You can’t leave us, mate.
Natalya’s the best
stewardess on this boat.
The others, they’ve got what
they want, now.
I’m really ----ing pissed off.
Kyle, your screaming
match with Max,
and your screaming match
with Natalya.
I don’t want a person
like you on board.
-You understand?
-Yes, Captain.
Every situation that’s
happened on this boat,
guess who’s the common
denominator?
This is a professional setting.
You want to be Chief Stew.
You can’t even
control your emotions.
I promise you, I will put
you on the dock so fast
if you don’t change.
You’re bullying.
You’re screaming.
You lack of respect in
the workplace for people.
I won’t tolerate it, Kyle.
If I have one crew member
come to me about you,
you’re off.
You understand?
-Understood..
-Okay, thank you.
I’m finished.
You get the jacuzzi?
Just here for the moment.
-I’m over this sh--, bro.
-I hear ya.
Says he needs
to follow his heart.
It’s crazy how much can
change in a day.
[bleep]
-Yeah.
-What’s happening?
Kyle?
No, don’t do that.
Captain, I’ve never seen her so
angry for Natalya’s departure
and she asks me who’s
the common denominator.
I will take that.
I had my arguments.
But being called
common denominator,
you can understand that
would upset you, too.
Look, people were angry and
I agree that you need to speak
a certain way to people,
but it was resolved.
We’re here to make money.
Don’t let this affect your
whole charter season.
[belches]
Pardon, that
was really a mistake.
I am starting to see that
he is the common denominator.
Kyle definitely has
to take accountability.
You can’t always be the victim.
The only thing that
I can do is support him
to, like, just focus
on his work
because without him
and his skillsets,
we’re pretty much screwed.
Tumi, climbing to cabins now.
Okay.
Please don’t leave me.
Yeah, but bro, you know...
Is it what happened
the other night?
No, no, it’s just like...
You’re going to do
this charter with us?
Yeah, yeah, I’m going to
do the charter
because I promise and
I will not let you down.
I can have my French touch
for the last time, you know.
Are you going to
speak with Sandy?
I’m scared, huh?
Yeah, but I think
you should speak to her
that she can get someone new in.
Yeah, for sure.
Me and Max got off to
a very rocky start.
My friend, it’s so heavy.
We don’t have time to ----ing
sit around and wank.
But he’s slowly but
surely growing on me.
Like, I’m starting to
really like this guy.
When he does give 100%,
he’s really good at it.
Do I need to take you
in like a little dog?
Do you want to sleep
in my bed with me?
Should I nurture you?
Do you want me to make
you ----ing coffee?
Like, what can I do?
Because I really don’t
want you to leave.
I don’t want Max to go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Laundry, cabins.
And if we can just do that,
we’ll be fine.
Hi, Norma.
You have some good news for me?
We start charter tomorrow.
So I’d need her on board
by then.
Okay, great.
Do you need some help?
-Shut up.
-Come on.
I’m kidding.
No, you’re not.
Copy.
-Yeah.
-Let’s do this.
-Hello.
Charter number five.
This will be a shorter charter.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
Shorter charter,
everything’s amplified.
If you make a mistake,
you do not have any time
to make up for it.
You kind of have to be
perfect all the way through.
[bleep]
Tania DeCosimo,
primary charter guest,
is the founder and editor
of P.OW.E.R. Magazine.
She is celebrating her birthday
with a group of
like-minded women
to celebrate
women’s empowerment.
Yay.
The guest requests a
light and healthy lunch
with various salads.
Dinner theme is
an all-white party.
That is ----ing
next level weird.
How do you find out that
you don’t eat eggs outside?
Like, what happened?
Did, like, some seagull come and
eat your dinner or something?
Like, how do you find that out?
The guest would like to
get off the boat
to explore the historic
town of Portofino.
That’s awesome.
Yeah, it’s cool.
-We haven’t done that yet.
-No.
Docking in Portofino on this
vessel will be a challenge.
Very tight dock,
and I have to back it.
What?
We are going to spin that boat
right where everyone can see,
and you’re going to talk us
right through
-all those little boats?
-Yeah.
-Me hitting nothing?
-No.
-Into that dock?
-Exciting.
That’s not going to be easy.
Tumi, your new stew will
arrive tomorrow before charter.
Oh.
I love that.
All right, we’re going
to smash this out.
Where the [bleep]
are the toothbrushes?
Yeah.
Natalya’s not here.
I feel a bit sh--
because ----ing
me best mate on the boat’s gone.
That guy would cause drama in
an empty room with a mop bucket.
All right, cool.
Thank you, Cheffy.
-Good job.
-Smashed it.
-Yeah, yeah.
-I feel good.
Well done.
Thanks, honey.
How you doing?
I had a dream.
And I punched you in
the face last night.
That wasn’t a dream.
Good morning.
All good?
[laughing]
Huh?
Sorry, I’m screaming.
Yeah.
Coming up...
We’re going in.
It’s a super high-end port.
Million dollar boats everywhere.
That’s ----ing stressful.
Yeah.
And like is not for me.
We only have two and
a half weeks left.
You leave, we’re shorthanded,
probably for the rest
of the season.
I need to wash things off.
How’s that?
Yeah, it’s cool, it’s cool.
I’m not happy.
[imitates rooster]
Oh...
Tumi, I’m going to miss you.
I’m scared whoever comes next
is going to be dirty
or something.
You know, I really appreciate
you offering up
a bigger room for me.
There’s no offense
or weirdness.
If you want to move to that
cabin, you let me know
and I’ll swap with you.
I know you’re not doing it
really for me,
but you’re doing it for Luka.
Now you’re one door away.
Tumi, can you please
come to the bridge?
You have a new stew
arriving today.
Copy.
-Morning.
-Hi.
Here’s your new stewardess.
Oh, my God.
-So she’s green.
-Yeah.
At this point, it is not easy
to get a high-level stew.
Tumi will have to be very
clear in the direction
that she gives Lily.
She has some
hospitality experience,
which is really great.
She’s worked on a
few small boats,
which is better than none.
We’re in the middle
of the charter season.
There really aren’t
a lot of crew around.
Any minute.
Okay, perfect.
Oh, sh--.
Oh, la, la.
Hey, girl. How are you?
I’m Lara.
Hi, I’m Lily.
Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hello. Welcome on board.
Hi, I’m Lily.
Nice to meet you.
I meant to go to the
bridge straight away, so...
Yeah.
What’s your name again?
-Lily.
Nice to meet you.
Wow.
Oh.
-Hi, I’m Haileigh.
-Nice to meet you.
Go up these stairs.
It’s the first door on the left.
Thank you.
-Hi.
-Hello.
Welcome aboard.
Thank you for coming.
-Thank you for having me.
-Yeah, nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Tumi.
Hi.
Tumi, Lily.
Yeah, perfect.
Today.
I grew up in Windsor, like,
20 miles from London.
There’s obviously
Windsor Castle there,
where, like,
Harry and Meghan got married.
Throughout university for, like,
the last four or five years,
I was working at
key events in England,
be it Royal Ascot, Wimbledon.
Hi, nice to meet you.
I’m Lily.
Jessika.
This is my first yacht
that I’ve worked on.
My last boat was at Catamaran,
45 foot, way smaller.
Your room is...
Kyle’s actually moving out.
I’m just cleaning up
all the bad memories
so you can create new ones.
I’ve never worked on
a boat this big.
I’m literally sh--ting myself.
No, no, wait.
Not literally.
You never know.
So you’ll just wear
that T-shirt.
I’m probably going to get
you to do a quick vacuum.
Perfect.
-Bro.
-Yeah.
She cute?
What’s her name?
She must be cute if you came
all the way up here to tell me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I’m excited, man.
Guess who’s
the common denominator?
You can’t control your
emotions.
You’re nasty.
And that’s why I’m leaving.
You need to speak
a certain way...
I’ve never been spoken
like that in my life.
I don’t want a person like you.
This is killing me right now.
All that is happening,
all that has happened.
I don’t want Captain Sandy to
have this perception of me.
And I need to fix this.
At least you guys are good.
Yeah, we’re very good.
You’ve got a good vibe.
So I’m happy for you guys.
Thanks, bro.
Okay.
-She never...
-Never once.
She was only just
positive about it.
I know. I know.
That’s ----ing bull.
Cap, I want to say I, from
the bottom of my heart,
am truly apologetic
for what I have done.
And the way I allowed
myself to react,
I let my emotions get
the best of me.
I have gone to Natalya
and had apologized.
I’m not going to blame
it on being drunk.
I’m not going to
blame or anything.
If you ever want to re-charts,
you know where I am.
Just that.
I can control all of it.
-You got it.
-Thank you, Captain.
Thank you.
What he did was not okay,
but Kyle gets an
opportunity to change.
Thank you.
All crew, all crew,
guest arrival is in 30 minutes.
-Hi.
-Hello.
Hi. Nice to meet you. I’m Lily.
I’m Jack. Yeah, yeah.
Another Brit.
So when guests come on...
What’s the radio thing again?
You just click that button.
-We’ll be fine.
-Okay.
All crew, all crew, guest
arrival,
let’s meet on the dock.
Right.
I’ve gone the wrong way again.
We got this.
Oh, my God.
They’re going to
tease the boys.
Oh, my God.
How beautiful, right?
-Hello.
-Welcome aboard.
-Nice to meet you.
Hi. I’m Jess.
Hi, you’re so pretty.
Hi, I’m Lily.
Nice to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you as well.
We’re so happy to have you.
Tumi’s going to
show you around.
-Welcome aboard.
-Thank you.
-Yeah, we’ll get that luggage.
-Yeah.
-This is walking the plank.
-Your welcome drink.
Cheers, ladies.
To a bunch of power women.
-Holy sh--.
-Oh, my God.
Oh, how beautiful.
I’ll have a shot of tequila.
I love that you love tequila.
[grunting]
This is our master cabin.
Oh, very nice.
And we are sleeping
together, girls.
What happens on
the boat stays on the boat.
What time would you like lunch?
-Within the hour.
-One hour.
Anyone I miss?
You forgot my name already.
-Babe.
-No, babe, my name is Marcie.
-That’s my real name.
-Got you.
Oh, can you iron my underwear?
Deck crew, deck crew.
Prepare for departure.
-Change first.
-Yeah.
Okay.
-Captain.
-Nice to see you again.
Cheffy, lunch, one hour.
-Release the stern.
-This one, please.
All stern lines are in.
All right, let’s go.
Watch that corner.
Another three meters ahead and
we’ll be out of go to starboard.
Eight meters
to the ground lines
on your starboard side.
We can start spinning.
Great job, Lukey.
-Nice one, girls.
-Nice work.
-That was smooth.
-Yeah, very smooth.
-I was doing the fender up.
-Nice.
-Kyle.
-Hi, honey buns.
Got you, honey bun.
So it takes a second.
Like, it takes a minute.
I know how to do it.
I’m a fast learner because
I had to do it
my whole life at university
without going to any lectures
and still getting,
like, the great grades.
Just gliding over.
-Thank you.
-You’re welcome.
Great weekend, guys.
No work, right?
-No work.
-Oh, my goodness.
This is so nice.
So...
-Lily.
-Yeah.
It’s for the first time
that she’s steaming.
Doesn’t know how to steam.
Yeah.
[bleep]
Coming up...
Kyle, Kyle. Sandy.
Go ahead, Captain.
I just want to make sure
my underwear and my socks
All crew, all crew, ETA,
one hour and 15 minutes.
Are you ready for lunch?
-Yes!
Amazing!
Hon!
Yes.
Oh, my God,
I’m sweating in here.
It’s hot in here, eh?
You’re staying.
I’m going to hide your tweezers
so you can’t leave.
He doesn’t have tweezers.
He’s using my tweezers
all the time.
I’ll sit here then.
What I’m going to do is put my
head down and continue to work,
but I feel standing across Jack
that he has a few things
that he needs to say,
but he doesn’t want to say it.
I think Jack holds me as
the sole accountable person
for pushing Natalya
off the boat.
Egg-free, yeah.
Normally, one would say
the silence is deafening,
but the silence speaks
a multitude of words.
-Onion salad?
-Thank you.
Quinoa salad.
Egg-free, by the way, yeah?
That’s fantastic.
This is wonderful.
Thank you.
Of course.
Lily, I’ll meet you
in the laundry.
Copy.
Ah!
-What’s happening?
I’m going on break.
We need alone time.
Max, come to the bridge.
Max, to the bridge.
-Copy.
-Love you, Max.
Love you to the moon and back.
Should we go lay out
by the jacuzzi?
All right, I’m going
to the bathroom.
Have fun.
So when you’re drying
anything that’s guest,
it should be hung.
Stain treating.
Spray.
-Mm-hmm.
-You go like that.
Mm-hmm.
It is really difficult
doing training and service
at the same time,
especially on a busy boat.
I don’t think I ever had
a chief stew train me
because the chief
was busy with service.
Galley rags never
go with our rags.
Mm-hmm.
I just need Lily to succeed
ASAP Rocky ASAP Pronto.
I never thought I’d say this,
but I do miss Natalya.
Not for her mouth,
but for her skill.
No, don’t worry.
Let’s make my
experience stronger.
So the idea is to anchor
right on that anchor.
Okay.
You can turn it.
I’ll work this.
Okay, so we’re turning.
Great. Back to center.
Back to midship. Yeah.
You’re going to tell him
drop anchor.
Luka, Max,
you can drop the anchor.
Copy.
That is five shackles
at the waterline.
Woo-hoo!
Thank you, Captain.
Deck crew, all toys out.
2 p.m. we’re hauling our anchor.
-Here we go.
-Thank you, thank you.
Of course.
Cheers.
-Hello.
I just wanted to talk to
you about the water toys.
I’m not going to do
a slide right now.
We can go swimming
and we’ve got a sea bob.
Not right now.
Then I’m probably going
to go in the shade.
Yeah. Awesome.
So they’re going
to go to shore.
Do you want to go?
Yeah, I’ll go.
So what do we do?
Are we just waiting?
Yeah. Pretty much.
-What do you want to do?
-Have another coffee.
Usually, when we drop anchor,
guests are down
at the swim platform
immediately because
they want to swim.
They want to have fun.
But with them...
This is all I need.
Looks like these women
just booked a water taxi
from Genoa to Portofino.
A ----ing 55-meter
yacht water taxi.
-I need a little sun.
-Not on my face.
Lily, Lily, Tumi.
-Could you go on your break?
-Copy.
Luka.
Did anyone use a slide yet?
No.
You know, a big part of
the job for Luka
is selling the toys
to the guests.
That’s why we buy all
this stuff to make sure
the clients get to play on it.
-You got to encourage them.
-Yeah.
-Get them excited.
I just need to give
him a gentle reminder.
Be that energy for the client.
We got to use the toys.
Are you going to go
down the slide?
That is fun.
And Luka will even show
you how to do it.
-I’m going to do it.
-Marcie, are you coming with me?
I’m coming with you.
Come on.
-Because this is fun.
-Yeah.
Max, Max, Luka.
Can you come up to the
bridge deck aft, please?
Yeah, man.
It’s so much fun.
Come on.
We got this.
Max, you’re going to show
the ladies how it’s done.
Do the dive?
Oh!
You got this.
-Woo!
-So brave.
-Wasn’t that fun?
Lily!
Are you on your break?
-Yeah.
-Good.
Hey, how do I get outside?
You. Come.
Just watch your head.
I was not expecting this.
They’re happy.
They’re smiling.
They’re enjoying themselves.
I think I would be
all right on a jet ski.
Sandy motivated me to get
these guys in the water
is exactly what we needed.
Oh, my God.
Welcome at your place.
Oh, this is comfy.
Where’s the barbecue?
I can’t tell
you all the secrets.
You are here for the first day.
I need to trust you first.
English people can do American
accents, like, so easily.
Like, yeah.
Pick me up.
Deck crew, deck crew,
bring the water toys in.
Love.
-Voila.
-All good?
Yeah, man.
Let’s get it.
Anchor up. Anchor up.
Anchor at home.
Nice job, Max.
Thank you.
You’re making coffee for you?
No, it’s for chef.
I’m already doing the dishes.
Now I must make coffee, too?
Okay, I’m going to the front.
I’m going to help Frenchie.
Oh, yeah, you’re up forward.
I’ll be at the back with H.
Okay.
Oh, look at you.
Looking after your chef.
Team morale. Don’t come and
bullsh-- me
about team morale.
We’re just going to get changed
and get ready for the Portofino.
I got to get ready.
Copy.
Docking a boat in Portofino
is very difficult.
It’s narrow, especially
in a big boat.
You have to spin the
boat around on a dime.
She’s going to turn the boat,
and she’s going to reverse it.
And then back down
this narrow area
to get to that one piece of dock
that you have that’s
like this big,
with all these boats
coming out oblivious
of what you have to do.
So we go straight in
there on that empty dock.
Every ounce of my trust
is in my deck team.
That is the only way
I can pull this off.
Whoo!
Let’s do this.
Copy.
Bow to Port.
You’ve got a good line
here directly astern.
The port boat,
he’s waving us in now.
The ferry’s coming
in towards your port bow.
I think he’s going to try
and get in before us.
Small boat on your
port midships.
10 meters to the sailing
on our starboard side.
It’s a super high-end port.
There’s million-dollar boats
everywhere
with inches
on either side.
That’s ----ing stressful.
Captain Sandy
reversing like this?
You have 75 meters
to the dock.
Backing it in, Captain Sandy.
That’s like amazing,
something else.
Small boat on your
port midship.
10 meters to the sailing
yacht on our starboard side.
We’re going to
clear them nicely,
and you’re going to clear all
the boats on our port side
with seven meters.
This is pretty cool.
Okay.
They don’t have ground lines
in Portofino,
so we have to drop both
of our anchors, pull up on them,
and that’s going to give
us our tension.
And we’ve never done this
before.
Drop, drop, drop.
50 meters to the dock
directly astern.
[bleep]. Look how many people
are on that.
-Oh, my God.
-So gorgeous.
Let’s get that fender down.
10 meters to the dock.
Okay, chuck the springs.
We’ve got our stern lines on.
Now they can start
pulling up on the anchors.
We’ve got a medium stay.
Okay, we’re looking good.
Good job, Max.
This is so ----ing cool.
I just anchored
55 meters boats.
How about you?
Nothing went wrong.
The boat’s secure.
[vocalizing]
You dropped all this
----ing sh-- in the water.
I love it, bro.
You guys did awesome.
You killed it!
Bye.
Ciao, take care.
-Bye.
-Enjoy Italia.
-See you.
-Bye.
-Have fun.
-This way, ladies.
Could have gave me
like a little note.
Hey, guys, wear sneakers.
I bought Louis Gucci
All High Heels.
I’m treating you to
some ice cream.
Aw.
Because you did an awesome
job on the docking.
So good.
Everyone deserves an ice cream.
They had never dropped
anchors before to dock.
They have never been
in Portofino.
It is hard.
That’s some scary sh--.
This is a treat.
Move a little closer
to each other.
Like we like each other?
Yeah.
Dinner.
We need a menu.
So we’re doing steamed clams.
With white wine sauce,
emphasis on the white here,
because it’s a white party.
White Bolognese, smoked
salmon in white sauce.
Any chance I can get
the word white in
I’m going to do it.
-Perfect. Thanks.
-All right, cheers.
We’re going to hang a
right here.
Ice cream.
It’s good to have the team here,
speaking together.
I’m staying, guys.
Thank you.
You’re joking!
I’m sorry, bro.
Oh, you just made my day.
You can’t leave us, mate.
I’m going to miss you.
let’s go.
Yeah, we’re happy.
That’s good news, bro.
So this is a torch mackerel.
That’s one dish.
-And then beef fillets.
-Yeah.
Copy. Cool.
Yeah.
-Oh, wow.
-Oh, my goodness.
-What did you get?
-Vanilla and coffee.
I got brain freeze.
Wow, this is cool.
-Not Gucci. Pucci.
-Yeah, Pucci.
Marcie’s living her best life.
Mmm.
[Max vocalizing]
One good ice cream,
one good sleep.
Yeah, that was good.
Do you guys have any washing?
-Yeah, I might.
-Do you want to do some?
Yeah, you can give me stuff.
I just don’t see much
washing for other people,
unless I do my own.
I need my underwear back.
-Are you okay?
-Oh, no, I’m fine.
I just washed so much stuff.
Where is everybody?
Kyle, Kyle, Sandy.
Go ahead, Captain.
I just want to make sure
my underwear and my socks
make it back to my cabin.
I got my shirt, but I don’t
know where the other items are.
[laughing]
Oh, my God.
Oh, my ----ing.
-On my way.
-[bleep] my life.
[bleep], [bleep], [bleep],
[bleep], [bleep], [bleep].
Oh my God.
Ah!
[laughing]
-That’s not mine.
-Those ones aren’t mine.
Thank you, honey.
You know, you get green,
and then you get,
I don’t know what type of
shade green this is, girl.
I just want to know
where my underwear are.
So I found two socks.
-I apologize.
-No, seriously. It’s okay.
I put it in the wash
but I didn’t take it out.
-Don’t worry.
-Okay, it won’t happen again.
Okay, is this yours as well?
-Uh, no.
-No.
After you, ladies.
-You good?
-I’m good.
That was great.
There you go.
Go on, girl.
Go get changed.
----ing silent treatment.
I feel like in high school.
Just give me
a shout to come down.
It’s going to be a few.
And now I find myself
wondering
what has been said
behind my back.
This is not sustainable
for the rest of the season.
Wow.
-Party, party.
-Ooh, la la.
Everyone is coming
to my wedding.
Beautiful.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
This is gorgeous.
Right, Cheffy, the guests
are seated at the table.
Muchas gracias.
Pop it on the bar there, please.
So, we have a white asparagus
and pomegranate salad.
White Bolognese.
Smoked salmon orecchiette and
white wine sauce with capers.
Oh.
-Would you like some?
-Orecchiette is the hats.
He knows best.
-That’s so good.
-It’s delicious.
-Lily.
-Yeah?
Missed a spot.
Jess and Lily, how are
the cabins going?
Decent.
We just have to vacuum the
floors
and we’re just having some
technical difficulties with
one of the showers and we just
have to clean one more head.
-Great.
-Very great.
-Can you throw that in there?
-Yeah.
Well, you know, coming
in mid-charter,
not having this type
of yacht experience.
Yeah, it’s a lot.
With Lily’s lack of experience,
she can’t do beds on her own.
She can’t do anything
on her own.
So, that means that she needs
more of Jess’s help,
which then takes Jess
away from me.
So, I just need to figure out
a way to, like,
try sort this out for
the next charter.
Find what Lily does really,
really well
and just focus on that.
-Cheffy.
-Yeah.
-Well.
-Thank you.
-Happy.
-Yeah.
I really want to
enjoy this night.
So, that means we need
to really turn it up.
-Chippendales.
That’s who we want.
We just need a couple
of the guys inside.
They’re going to strip.
I’m going to organize that.
Thank you so much.
[laughing]
-No, no, no, no.
-Come on, boys.
Luka?
Only get Marcie’s
credit card.
I’ve done some stripping
on other boats in the past.
Oh!
All right. Yeah. Where’s those
little white things?
I will get you two.
Yes.
Excited.
Do you mind if I borrow
this for a second?
-You have to do it.
-No.
Why have I got roped into it?
Look at a ----ing
Luka and Max.
They’re models, for God’s sake.
Shimmy, shimmy,
yeah, yeah.
I’m a lot of things, but
I’m not a ----ing model.
[trilling]
The guys are coming.
Here we go.
Hot baby.
[trilling]
The guys are coming,
here we go.
Hey, baby!
[shouting]
If I take my clothes off,
it might hurt the tip.
Hey, hey, oh!
Hello.
Oh, my God!
Luka is a very attractive man.
Thank you!
It’s been a while since
I’ve seen things that hot.
Oh, my God, how funny is that?
Oh, my God!
Now I’m going to bed.
Party in my room.
Okay, I need to go to bed.
When you take this down
to laundry before you go,
just label tablecloth.
[laughing]
-I’ll see you tomorrow.
-See you later.
Good night.
Sh--.
-No, way.
I think Jess is super easygoing.
Kind of like me,
like just chill.
Maybe a little bit shy.
She’s not in
an open relationship,
which is a good sign.
I just want to cuddle, bro.
-Goodbye.
-Bye.
[alarm sounds]
I love these.
These look so numa.
-You ready to party?
-No.
Morning.
[rooster crows]
You know the guys who’s making
a turururu with a snake?
[vocalizing]
It’s our last meal here.
Right?
The chef special
is omelette anyway.
By the bar.
Thank you.
Come, chef.
No break.
I ain’t took
one break all season.
Oh.
It’s just prima donna stuff.
We see this all the time.
My last boat, every evening,
this guy would
come in the gallery
and he’d be like,
can I have raspberries?
There was raspberries
all over the sheet.
I don’t know if it was fetish,
if they were bumping and
grinding with the raspberries,
because it was everywhere.
That and coconut oil.
Put up her ass, clearly.
[laughing]
Mm mm mm.
Lara, Lara, Max, Max.
Can you guys head up to the bow?
And we’re just going to
pull in the passarelle.
-Prepare everything?
-Prepare everything.
Free the lines, start taking
it on the anchor.
Okay, copy.
All lines are free.
Here we go.
Luka, Luka, talk to me.
We’ve got to go another
15 meters starboard side.
You have some small boats coming
down your starboard side.
Seven meters on your port side.
Portofino is like
playing Frogger.
Boat’s coming port side.
There’s boats
coming starboard side.
What the [bleep] is going on?
Dude, these people
are so ruthless.
Nine meters on your port side.
Like yelling about us.
You know how New York taxis
used to be?
That’s Portofino.
It can be a huge distraction,
but for me, all I see
is navigation.
25 meters to the boats
on your starboard side.
Secure the anchor.
-Okay.
-Anchor on.
And your port quarter
is all clear.
-Ciao. Grazie.
-How are you?
-Well done, bro.
-Bravo.
Nice line.
And we’re on the move.
-All right, me love.
-This is Captain Sandy’s.
Perfect.
There is some more stuff
in here, though.
How’s that possible?
-Then what’s this sheet for?
-I...
Okay, I’m hella
confused, girls.
Why?
Because you gave me
this because it’s Sandy’s.
What’s that, then?
Sandy’s was too big.
I handled it in two washes.
No, but I’ve got a fitted sheet.
There’s another fitted sheet.
-No, that wasn’t a sheet.
-Was it a mattress protector?
Yes.
So mattress protector,
right here,
then I can take everything.
No, no, there’s some
more stuff in there.
I know, babe.
Hear me out.
Yeah.
Once the mattress protector
comes out with a towel,
I will take the whole
package up to her.
-Yeah.
-But for now,
if you can finish those cabins,
that’ll be fab.
I would assume the
laundry’s a safer spot
for someone who’s
not really familiar
with such a big boat.
And I’m thinking,
where else can we put Lily?
Is this basically the luggage
compartment at this point?
Coming up...
He wasn’t so brave
without you, but now he is.
Okay, I’m heading to the bow.
Ay, ay, ay, ay.
That’s when I put on extra dry.
That’s when I take out your...
-She forgot a lot of clothes.
-Yeah, she did.
Deck crew,
prepare the anchor.
Copy that.
I think we go in
between those two.
-You got this.
-Okay.
Dropping!
Yeah, 45 meters to the dock.
Lock that one off,
Haley, and throw the others.
That’s all of our
stern lines connected.
Nice work, everybody.
Packing is the worst.
Let me know if you need help.
I need a lot of help.
All crew, let’s meet on the
dock for guest departure.
-Want help down?
-Thank you.
I’m chaining myself to the door.
I’m not going.
Hi!
Thanks.
This whole team is incredible.
We had a beautiful day
with beautiful people.
-Thank you so much.
-Thank you very much.
-It was a pleasure.
-Ciao, Bella.
Ciao.
Well done, everyone.
Out of your whites,
into your reds.
Let’s turn the boat around and
then meet for our tip meeting.
Now we can wear
the red t-shirt, right?
-Yeah.
-Meet on Sundeck.
We’ll just vac dust
the cabins.
White, doing beds.
-Wash and wax.
-Let’s go. You know what I mean?
All crew, all crew.
Let’s meet in the bridge deck
salon for our tip meeting.
The envelope looked
pretty light.
We didn’t do much work
if you think about it.
Speak for yourself.
Thank you, bye.
This guy can’t
----ing help himself, can he?
Something’s going
to go off tonight.
I can just feel it in the air.
We’re more than halfway there.
-How do you do this, Charter?
-It’s fun.
Except for losing
Captain Sunday socks.
You did a great job.
Deck team,
when we docked in Portofino,
one of the most difficult
dockings that we’ve done,
you did an awesome job.
-Thank you.
-You’re on it.
You’re a team.
And this tip is $18,000.
And that is $1252
per person euros.
Thank you, ladies.
Let’s cheers.
Thank you.
-Cheers.
Don’t spend it all in one place.
I’m going to shower.
We’re going out.
Let’s get this party started.
Got a problem here.
All my clothes is there.
What do you need?
-Do I look like I churn butter?
-No.
[gags]
That’s ----ing strong.
Woo!
Who’s sitting in the back?
Can you put your iPad
back in there, please?
I was just gonna...
Bring the iPad to the club.
I’m putting $100 on Lily
being wasted tonight.
I’m not putting money,
but I will agree on that.
Get out, get out.
[Max vocalizing]
All right.
I’m going to get a margarita.
Can we get two Mexican meals?
Make it three, but with double
tequila for me, please.
-Are you sure?
-Beer? Wine?
Yeah, I’ll have the same.
Bravo.
I think she’s cool.
Has everyone got a drink?
-Cheers.
-Cheers, everyone.
Cheers.
-Mmm.
-It’s good, eh, isn’t it?
Can you do a Liverpool accent?
Can you do
a Liverpool accent?
-No, not Irish.
-No, I can’t.
Nobody can.
-What is that?
-I don’t know. Cheese.
Your banter is above us,
apparently.
So have your banter.
Hey, Lily, is it, is it or not?
They’re playing games. I don’t
know what she’s talking about,
because I see something else.
Wait, what happened?
He wasn’t so brave
without you, but now he is.
Our banter is so sh--.
Oh!
That was a backhander?
Let me go take a wee.
Jack, I know the
game you’re playing.
I feel like Lily’s
already been influenced
by Jack of who I am.
I see it, I hear it,
nothing’s gonna bring
your princess back,
and now you’ve opened
a book of worms.
God damn it.
Later this season on
"Below Deck Med..."
We’re almost there.
We gotta find whatever it is to
keep our attitudes positive.
I’m so ----ing excited.
I am Jacked.
-Woo!
-I thought I was ----ing crazy.
This is chaotic.
They’re out here having
the best time of their life.
Oh!
Where were these guys when I
was getting my teeth extracted?
They would like a
big gay breakfast.
-Oh, stop.
-That’s hilarious.
He’s a problem.
You have to get him...
under control.
Or he’s off the boat.
I think I like Luka
way more than I should.
I like Lily, I really like Lily.
Ow!
Is that your girlfriend
texting you?
Is there something
we don’t know?
No.
We’ve got mutual friends.
Okay.
Look up [bleep] boy and playboy,
and that’s what Luka is.
Lily?
This cannot look like this.
There’s, like, towels
all over the floor.
She is dead weight.
I’ve given her
more than enough.
and she’s just not getting it.
I need you to be more aware.
Where are the deck hands?
I’m here.
Lara’s in the cabin
and Max is down.
We only get you on deck.
That’s not okay.
This is the stuff
that makes me mad.
When she calls and calls,
the deck crew needs
to ----ing answer.
Okay.
My interior team is definitely
hanging on a thread.
I really can’t be handling
men in their 30s.
You’re overstepping boundaries.
Oh, my God.
Sur-----ing-prize!
Jess is definitely trying
to make him jealous.
Sorry, Lil.
He’s a good kisser
I’m just saying.